Mention complexity benefits by using embedded-hal (#83)
rust-embedded/book: src/portability/index.md

* Timers/Countdowns
* Analog Digital Conversion

> The main reason for having the **embedded-hal** traits and crates implementing and using them is to keep complexity in check. If you consider that an application might have to implement the use of the peripheral in the hardware as well as the application and potentially drivers for additional hardware components, then it should be easy to see that the reusablility is very limited. Expressed mathematically, if **M** is the number of peripheral HAL implementations and **N** the number of drivers then if we were to reinvent the wheel for every application then we would end up with **M*N** implementations while by sticking to the *API* provided by the **embedded-hal** traits will reduce the implementation complexity to **M+N**. Of course there're additional benefits to be had like less trial-and-error due to a well-defined and ready-to-use APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main reason for having the **embedded-hal** traits and crates implementing and using them is to keep complexity in check. If you consider that an application might have to implement the use of the peripheral in the hardware as well as the application and potentially drivers for additional hardware components, then it should be easy to see that the re-usability is very limited. Expressed mathematically, if **M** is the number of peripheral HAL implementations and **N** the number of drivers then if we were to reinvent the wheel for every application then we would end up with **M*N** implementations while by using the *API* provided by the **embedded-hal** traits will make the implementation complexity approach **M+N**. Of course there're additional benefits to be had, such as less trial-and-error due to a well-defined and ready-to-use APIs.
```
